
# Meeting agenda for 10-03-2022

## Follow-Ups on Last Week's Meeting
- What was our final verdict on Django vs. Flask, and now FastAPI as well?
- Options for bug tracking software and what we think the best option will be
- Getting invitation to Github repo
- Make sure to get Barb added to the Slack group
- Charting tools and what will implement best with Django, Flask, or FastAPI
- Did Dr. Marcolin have any opportunity to speak with Dr. Rodriguez about the project organization?


## Progress
- What each of us worked on this week:
    - Sydney: Created Slack group and managed repo
    - Anshul: Compared Django vs. Flask
    - Paul: Researched bug tracking software
    - Mitch: Prepared meeting agenda
    - Everyone: Installed and set up MariaDB
- Added FastAPI to the tech stack comparison, finished by Anshul
- 

## Drawbacks
- Don't know the required features, so it makes it a little difficult to pick a tech stack yet.

## Questions
- What are the required functions that we need to create for each milestone?
- If we finish the required functions sooner than expected, is there any extra functionality you would like us to add at some point?
- Given the pros and cons of the tech stacks we presented, what do you think will be our best option for the features you'd like to see in the website?
- Who are our user groups for this project?

## Needed for Requirement Report
- Explain how each user group will use the software
- Detailed list of function requirements for each milestone
- A detailed list of non-functional requirements and environmental constraints for the overall project
- Discuss the tech stack we plan to use and why.

## Next Steps
- Complete an overview of the system architecture as a DFD, at both levels 0 and 1
- An explanation of how we will test the developed features of our system, as well as the method we will adopt to ensure continuous integration
- Finish the rest of the requirement report
- Now that we know the required features, what do **we** think will be the best techstack option?
