# Meeting agenda for 10-10-2022

## Follow-Ups on Last Week's Meeting
- What was our final verdict on Django vs. FastAPI?
- Did we decide or have an opportunity to look into potential charting tools?


## Progress
- What each of us worked on this week:
    - Sydney: 
	    - Create/initiate requirement slides and share with everyone
    - Anshul: 
	    - Uploaded architecture exploration files onto Barb's repository
	    - Decided on a time with other tech leads on meeting with Dwayne
    - Paul: 
	    - Uploaded bug tracking exploration file onto Barb's repository 
    - Mitch: 
	    - Add everyone to Barb's repository
	    - Uploaded IP agreement onto our and Barb's repository once signed
    - Everyone: 
	    - Created rough draft of requirement report for Barb to review
	    - Presentation slides
	    - Presentation video
	    - Signed and submitted temporary IP agreement
	    - Create SSH key pair through PuTTY and submit the public key to Barb's repository
	    - All members set up local host MySQL on personal computer and set up Cisco AnyConnect VPN
	    - Group will start making high-level mock-ups on Figma for key webpages 

## Drawbacks
- No drawbacks this week, good job everyone!

## Questions
- Which architecture will we end up choosing to work with?
- What are the next steps for the project once all the requirements are sorted and decided on?
- Which charting tools should be used (based on what architecture we decide on)?
- How will the virtual environment be set up? Will we get a sandbox where our group can play around with the website on our own? 

## Next Steps
- Meet with Wade Klaver to set up virtual machine
- Create the high-level mock-ups on Figma for key webpages
