# Meeting agenda for 10-24-2022

## Follow-Ups on Last Week's Meeting
- How's the virtual machine set up coming along?
- Have you had an opportunity to look at our Figma designs? 
- If the PEM key is fixed, would you like to go through the set up on our personal machines with us?

## Progress
- What each of us worked on this week:
    - Sydney: 
	    - Finalized requirement report and sent it to Barb
    - Anshul: 
	    - Filled out answers for group evaluation
    - Paul: 
	    - Created client meeting minutes
    - Mitch: 
	    - Created client meeting agenda
    - Everyone: 
	    - Created respective Figma pages

## Drawbacks
- Requirement report needed a little revising to fit Barb's expectations

## Questions
- Should we start developing the first milestone requirements?
- For the progress bar on the tracking page, are the progress icons supposed to be clickable?
- Why is the “weekly check-in” button before the exercise and nutrition icon? We were under the impression that users would be able to input their exercise and nutrition information anytime.
- Is there any revisions you would like to see on our Figma designs?
- (If needed refer it to Anshul for further explanation for the questions below)
- What information is needed for registration of a new user?
- Sugestion for registrating Professionals and TAs: On the registration page have an option to request elevated account access which will be reviewed by the Admins?
- Content for every section of "Tracker Home" other than Weekly Check-in?
- (Might be similar to 2nd question, if not ask away or let Anshul ask) Is the user supposed to fill out the Weekly Check-in for all the weeks at once or would they actively fill out the section?

## Next Steps
- Start working on requirements!
