# TA Meeting Minutes 2022-09-28

## Questions from TA

**Who will be the user group?**
- Our team is still discussing with our client, who has not explicitly told us who it would be yet. Our client had mentioned a few potential user groups such as the Okanagan rail trail, health care professionals, and event collborators around the trail.

**How clear was the client in communicating must have features?**
- Our client has not communicated explicitly on the must-have features yet
- Our client is going to have further discussions with Dr. Rodriguez-perez regarding on how the project will work, since there seems to be a misunderstanding and the client believed that each group (A, B and C) would be working on different features.

**Did the client mention about any extra features?**
- The client did not talk a lot about extra features, she only very briefly mentioned that if we have time, we could potentially implement Terraform.

**What is the tech stack that needs to be used?**
- We are still deciding between django or flask, although we seem to be favouring Django right now
- MariaDB will be used for our database

**Is there problems within the project group?**
- No, but the other groups seem to be having issues with coordination
- For example, we (group C) were the only team to show up in the client meeting despite the other teams agreeing that the selected time would work for them

## Tips from the TA:
- Ask the client to make it very clear what she needs from us primarily. 
- Make sure figure out what are the primary features that is needed and what is extra
