# Team Meeting Minutes 2022-10-4

## Team reflection
#### What did you do last week?
  - @Anshul
    - Researched on different frameworks - Django vs. Flask vs. FastAPI
  - @Mitch
    - Sent out client meeting agenda
    - Looked into requirement report
    - Sent out and made sure everyone signed the IP agreement
  - @Paul
    - Kept track of client meeting minutes
    - looked into bug tracking software
  - @Sydney
    - Sent out team meeting agenda
    - Uploaded team meeting minutes
    - Scheduled this week's deadlines and delegated tasks
    - Conducted team meeting
#### What is one thing that each of the team members did well?
  - @Mitch
    - Coordinating with Barb (client)
    - Stayed behind for meeting client to finish up with asking Barb important questions regarding the requirement document
  -@Paul
    - Took client meeting minutes
    - Stayed behind curing client meeting to help take note of Barb's answer to the questions
  -@Anshul
    - Very detailed on the researech exploration documents
  -@Sydney
    - Uploading the deadlines and to-do list for everyone so team members know what to do and when to finish assignments by
    - Keeping the team on track
    
#### What is one thing that each or the team members can improve on?
  - @Anshul
    - Improve on his sleep schedule
  - @Sydney
    - Space her time out so she does not burnout
  - @Mitch
    - Time management

## Goals for this week
#### What do you aim to accomplish this week?
  - @everyone
    - Finish working on the presentation and requirement report

## Overall to-do list and usual reminders for this week
- @everyone
  - Requirement report - complete a draft by 10-05-2022
    - @Sydney Create a md document on github for requirement document
    - @everyone will contribute to the document
    - @Anshul will take care of merging any conflicts
    - @Sydney Send draft to Barb for confirmation
    - @Sydney Finalize and upload the document
  - Requirement presentation slides draft - 10-08-2022
    - @Sydney Create a presentation slide on google slides and invite everyone
    - @everyone will contribute to the slide
    - @Sydney Send draft presentation to Dr. Gema for approval
    - @Sydney Finalize and upload the presentation
  - Requirement presentation video - 10-10-2022
    - @Sydney will create a when2meet to decide on a time to meet in person to make presentation video
    - @everyone will contribute to film the video
    - @Sydney will send to Dr. Gema for approval
    - @Paul will submit the video
  - Group evaluation - 10-12-2022
    - @Sydney Send group evaluation in to Dr. Gema for approval
- @Sydney
  - Team meeting minutes and agenda
  - Check each document and milestones for "approvals" before submission
- @Mitch
  - Client meeting agenda
- @Anshul
  - Figure out a time to meet with Dwayne and other tech leads to discuss about the architecture of the system
- @Paul
  - Client meeting minutes
  - TA/Prof meeting minutes
