# Team Meeting Minutes 2022-09-27

## Team reflection
**What did you do last week?**
- @everybody:
  - Completed team github exercise
  - Ran gitstat
  - helped with merging pull requests and code reviewing
- @Sydney:
  - Set up project git hub repository
  - Planned and made sure team completed assignment by deadline
  - Delegated tasks to other team members
  - Set up team discord chat
  - Asked Barb for communication platform preference for more efficient communication
  - Set up first weekly team meeting
- @Anshul:
  - Researched on Django vs. Flask
  - Managed github issues
- @Mitch:
  - Consistent communication with Barb
  - Set up first client meeting
  - Contacted other client liaisons to coordinate meetings and communications
- @Paul:
  - Documented client meeting minutes
  - Researched on bug tracking software
  - Contributed to questions to be asked to the client

**What is one thing that each of the team members did well?**
- @Sydney:
  - On top of things and kept everything organized
  - Good with delegating tasks and talking to people
- @Anshul:
  - Made sure to give us all a gitstat score by helping us track our progress and letting us know if anyone is behind
- @Paul:
  - Since he was able to take team minutes, other people are able to ask their questions
- @Mitch:
  - Excellent communication with the client
  - Made sure that our relationship with the client is good and keeps us and the client updated on what is going on

**What is one thing that each or the team members can improve on?**
- @everyone
  - Stay consistent contact on discord

## Goals for this week
**What do you aim to accomplish this week?**
- @everyone
  - Complete our to-do tasks and start looking into formally documenting the requirements

## Overall to-do list for this week
- @Sydney:
    - Create Slack/discord for the team and add Barb
    - Overview repo and create issues to keep everyone on task
- @Mitch:
    - Prepare next client meeting agenda
- @Paul:
    - Research on bug tracking software
- @Anshul:
    - Compare Django vs. Flask
    - Research on how to set up MariaDB
- @Everyone:
    - Look into use case diagram

## Questions and Answers
- @Paul: What are the folders in "team" folder in the repository?
  - @Sydney: I created those folder to separate the team meeting minutes from the team agenda. That way if we look back we can easily find the agenda and matching minutes and compare what we did and kind of what happened that week.
- @Anshul: Are there enough pages in the project for us to do?
  - @Sydney: I think that is up to the client to decide. In the end if the client only has a few things for us to do, our only goal is to complete them. This project teaches us to be more client-oriented rather than focus what we like, but good question!
