# Client Meeting 23 September 2022

## Attendees
- Dr. Barb Marcolin
- Sydney Fang
- Mitch Hussack
- Anshul Dhariwal
- Paul Gray

## Agenda
- Introduce ourselves to our client Dr. Marcolin who we will be working with
- Ask general questions about project and what to expect
- Discuss future availability for future client meeting times

## General Meeting Notes
- Target user group is Okanagan Rail Trail (Friends of Okanagan Rail Trail (FORT))
- Money is low, so they need a to be able to come up with a low-cost solution to help fundraise
- Need a way to host a fun event for community to help fundraise
- Re-architect site into something that can be long-term and left for the community
- Site will help multiple non-profits
- Mapping of who is working with homeless in Lake Country, help team look for contact out there
- Old website to get started/use as reference: [healthenow.com](https://healthenow.com/)
- Client will work on milestone/deliverables document with constraints after meetings
- 2-4 hours per task, about 10 hours committed to project per week
- Key requirements will be defined when we go over demo of site, use those as mock-ups for new site
- Charting tool for graphics (D3JS.org, developers.google.com/chart)
- Moment.js or FullCalendar.io for implementing calendars
- redhat, https://datatables.net

## Decisions
- Project will be coded in Python, with HTML/CSS/JS on the front end most likely (Django content management system has front-end aspect too)
- Django or Flask will be used for architecture
- mySQL 8.0.30 and MariaDB for database
- Meetings will be held in-person 12:30pm on Mondays 

## Questions
- Should we use Django or Flask for our architecture?
- What bug-tracking software should we use? Does GitHub Issues suffice?
- Will we create a new site from scratch with the old site as reference, or will we be updating and maintaining the current site?
- Will each group be working independently on their own project or will we each be working on a different part of the website?
- Which charting tools should be used, and do they work with Django/Flask?

## Priority Features
- N/A as of now, still discussing tools and tech stack to be used, etc.

## Acceptance Criteria
- Low-cost to maintain
- Common and easy to use
- Keep tools/requirements to a minimum

## Team Progress
- Created GitHub repository for project
- Made a Team Agreement
- Completed Team GitHub Exercise

## Action Items
- Group members will do exploration of Django and Flask and compare them by next meeting (09-26)
- Group members may look into compatible charting tools and compare them
- Paul will look into and come up with some choices for a QA bug tracking tool by next meeting (09-26)
- Group members may begin setting up MariaDB