# Client Meeting 26 September 2022

## Attendees
- Dr. Barb Marcolin
- Sydney Fang
- Mitch Hussack
- Anshul Dhariwal
- Paul Gray

## Agenda
- Discuss which architecture seems best (Django vs Flask)
- Get demo of client website
- Ask any remaining questions we may have not asked in our first meeting
- Go over some key requirements

## General Meeting Notes
### General Project Goals and Discussion
- Site contains a bunch of different health and wellness trackers with goals and challenges
- Either make graphic timeline clickable or stick with tab list in header
- Each tab is its own different page of on the site, so access can be limited for different users
- Either a bar chart for displaying progress that changes to line chart as user base grows, or allow user to pick and cycle between viewing a bar graph, line chart, etc.
- If user is in a group such as Okanagan Rail Trail, access to more tabs will be given
- Users may be able to create their own groups in the future
- 45-60 users expected to be using website
- Clients will decide on functionality of different aspects of the site such as weekly challenges
- We will mock up a basic idea/structure of what Dr. Marcolin was told, then refine site from there
- Professional View gets scores of how people are doing and progress stats, and can give feedback to people accordingly (must have professional account to access Professional View tab)
- Trail Ambassador View: will re-do functionality with what TAs want in this page
- Who is Responsible/Contact element for a collection of contact information

### Exploration
- Flask uses SQLAlchemy over other database management systems such as MySQL and only works with single page web applications, so Django is preferred architecture
- Plesk: web hosting platform and server data center automation software

### Side Notes
- Okanagan Rail Trail needs to go through First Nations land to expand, which is a long process to recieve land rights and agreements
- They eventually hope to connect some other trails to the Rail Trail
- Terminology is one of the biggest barriers in business technology

## Final Decisions/Conclusions
- Django will mosty likely be used for architecture, but more research will be done
- Meetings will be held in-person 12:45pm-1:45pm on Mondays now, unless something else changes with other groups' schedules

## Questions for Next Meeting
- Should we use Django or Flask for our architecture? (discuss further)
- What bug-tracking software should we use? Does GitHub Issues suffice?
- Will each group be working on a page of the website or will we all build our own unique site?
- Which charting tools should be used, and do they work with Django/Flask?
- How will the virtual environment be set up? Will we get a sandbox where our group can play around with the website on our own?
- How will website architecture be set up to allow easy long-term maintenance?

## Priority Features
- Health and Wellness Trackers
- Goals and Challenges tabs
- Different types of charts/graphs to display progress

## Acceptance Criteria
- Website should be mobile responsive
- Based on how you log in and your status, you should get different access controls to parts of the site 
- Flexibility: goals/activities will be different for users, want to allow them to choose the functionality that fits them

## Team Progress
- Created logs of meetings in GitHub repository
- Began researching different website architectures for project

## Action Items
- Anshul will do exploration of Django and Flask and compare them by next meeting (10-03)
- Paul will look into and come up with some choices for a QA bug tracking tool and contact Dr. Marcolin with them by next meeting (10-03)
- Sydney will set up a Slack group for the client and us as soon as possible
- Mitch will stay updated with client regarding possible schedule changes
- Group members may look into compatible charting tools and compare them
  - e.g D3JS.org, developers.google.com/charts
- Group members will install and do a basic set up of MariaDB
- Dr. Marcolin will talk to professor to clear up how the project will eventually be organized and developed
