# Client Meeting 17 October 2022

## Attendees
- Dr. Barb Marcolin
- Sydney Fang
- Mitch Hussack
- Anshul Dhariwal
- Paul Gray
- Group B

## Agenda
- Have professor clear things up with Barb
- Go over explicit project requirements and milestones

## General Meeting Notes
### General Project Goals and Discussion
- We will code and maintain in our own repository (possibly invite Barb to our repo to view and comment on progress)
- Create copy of project and architecture on our local machine for now
- Use base requirements of old website to set up new webpages, freedom to customize layout and modules from there
- We are developing broad functionality on local machines, Barb will take code and run it on her virtual machine
- We are working in paralled with Barb and her undergraduates on project
- Take design and functionality of old website and make new mock-ups and new implementation ourselves from scratch
- All teams have same project/working on same functions
- Excel spreadsheets for test plans

### Project Requirements
- Develop Individual Graphs tab first as key requirement (all charts on single page), separate tabs for Health Measures/Healthy Eating/etc. will come last as a possible bonus requirement
- Trackers, Individual Graphs, Weekly Challenges, Professional/TA View are primary focus
- Individual, Professional, TA, and Administrator roles (Admin can approve registrations)
- Registration needs Consent request to allow research and data tracking on user
- Requirements will change throughout project timeline, will do a final revision of requirements report at final milestone
- Barb will give a rough estimate for requirements in each milestone once our requirements report and design mock-ups are complete

### Side Notes
- Barb has posted screenshots of website on her repository for us to view
- Barb's PEM key is not working, waiting for Wade to find a solution
- October 28th-30th Barb will be unavailable

## Final Decisions/Conclusions
- Code our own implementation in our own repository in parallel with Barb and other groups
- Using Django for architecture (no Flask/FastAPI)
- Use Barb's repository for all communication

## Questions for Next Meeting
- Should we start developing the first milestone requirements?
- Has Wade made progress on the virtual machine setup?

## Team Progress
- Created logs of agendas and meetings in GitHub repository
- Presented and submitted requirements presentation
- Finalizing requirements report
- Started on Figma design mock-ups

## Action Items
- Group will recieve feedback from peers and finalize requirements report (10-21)
- Group create basic design mock-ups for the different webpages by next meeting (10-24)
- Barb will sort out VM with Wade and keep us updated
- Wade will investigate VM issues