# Client Meeting 14 November 2022

## Attendees
- Dr. Barb Marcolin
- Sydney Fang
- Mitch Hussack
- Anshul Dhariwal
- Paul Gray
- Group B

## Agenda
- Discuss possible changes to front-end framework (ReactJS, REST framework)
- Show Barb our current pages and progress

## General Meeting Notes
### General Project Discussion
- Create folder in Barb’s repository to manually copy our project to
- Building in a network of systems, so architectures must be compatible and secured in a similar way
- Use MySQL export command to test that MySQL database backup works
- Barb wants RESTful framework, means we need ReactJS
- Users get basic access: landing page and food waste trackers/graphs (pending approval for admin role)
- Approval by CEO, top sponsor, admin
- Django CMS and REST framework collide at root URL on local machine

### Project Requirements
- Distribution options of food waste metric (to farmer, to food bank, compost, then landfill)
- Users will approximate how much goes into each option and input data, then return information based on articles found (greenhouse gases, landfill waste, food saved) (e.g. “this % saved from landfill” graphic)
- Input item, weight, and how much goes into each distribution 
- Simple line/bar/pie charts to visualize data

### Side Notes
- Barb is currently trying to get our SSH usernames and passwords set up so we can connect to our group directory instead of the root

## Final Decisions/Conclusions
- Sticking with Bootstrap
- Site name is "Food Saviour" (subject to change)

## Questions for Next Meeting
- How will we back up our code? (e.g. GitHub Releases)
- How will we resolve conflicts between Django CMS and REST framework?

## Team Progress
- Created logs of agendas and meetings in GitHub repository
- Created templates for home, login, and register pages
- Added user authentication and admin control
- Started working on creating organizations and orggroups for managers

## Action Items
- Group will find information about chosen metric through articles to use for food waste calculations and graphics
- Group will refine home, register, and login pages
- Group will add consent and role selection for registration
- Barb will contact us with our SSH password once she has sorted out VM issues
- Group will create list of user tasks and video demo by Friday (11-18)